#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
argparse==1.4.0
    # via unittest2
asgiref==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
httpretty==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
linecache2==1.0.0
    # via traceback2
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via tox
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.23.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.8
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.9.0
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.25.8
    # via -r requirements/test.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   tox
    #   unittest2
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
tox==3.28.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
traceback2==1.4.0
    # via unittest2
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
unittest2==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via tox
